**Name:** Force Adept  
**Description:** The Force adept is strong in the Force, but follows a different path from that of the Jedi. To the Force adept, the Force is more msyterious and more supernatural, and the aid it provides has a magical quality. A Force adept comes from a different tradition, with different beliefs and codes of conduct from those of the Jedi. There are precious few Force adepts, and the number who become adventurers is even smaller. Some call the Force by its familiar name, while others refer to it by some other term that reflects their own traditions.  
If you select the Force adept class, you need to determine how your character views the Force. It's important to decide what your hero believe in. Is your Force adept an alien student of the Force? A shaman from a primitive culture? A follower of one specific aspect of the Force (such as the ecological priets of Ithor)? A Force mage from an isolated planet (such as the witches of Dathomir)? A lightsider? A darksider? The choice is yours, and it will affect the way your character interacts with the campaign.  
**Exploits:** Some Force adepts become adventurers as part of a quest to learn more about the Force (or whatever they call it). Other do so out of necessity. They are forced from their world, hunted by unscrupulous agents, or are interested in what the galaxy might have to offer them. Force adepts might be called wizards, shamans, witches, or prophets, depending on where they come from and what traditions they follow. Most Force adepts follow the light side (or at least their version of it), but some fully embrace the dark side.  
**Characteristics:** The Force adept masters the ability to affect the external world, as typified by the Alter feat, and usually starts her Force training with this discipline. The adept might be a shaman, and alien from an out-of-the-way world, or a Force-sensitive hero who never received the benefit of Jedi training. Because the adept's training is less formalized, she must depend on more mundane skills to compliment her Force powers.  
**Background:** Force adepts discover a power inside themselves that they don't fully understand. Much of their training is haphazard, since few traditions exist to help them achieve mastery. Some come from primitive cultures where they were looked upon as godlike or holy by the people they served. Others just follow a different path from the Jedi - it isn't better or worse, it's just a different tradition. Force adepts have grown accustomed to being either revered or hated, depending on when and where their Force powers came to prominence. Others have learned to keep their powers secret, both because they do not fully understand their powers and because they are afraid of how others treat them.  
**Abilities:** The Force adept's most important ability scores are Intelligence and Wisdom, since these control her most important Force skills (those of the Alter and Sense feats), as well as many other class skills. Charisma can also be significant for a variety of interpersonal skill.