**Name:** Fringer  
**Description:** Fringers come from outside society, replacing a formal education with skills and knowledge gained from experience. Usually, a fringer hails from a world that lies outside the "civilized" regions of space, but fringers can come from the fringe of galactic society - wherever that may be. They use their dexterity, wisdom, and strength to survive whatever the galaxy throws at them. A fringer isn't necessarily unfamiliar with technology, but he certainly doesn't have access to the conveniences available to those of higher status on worlds such as Coruscant and Corellia. The Fringer is hardy, robust, independent, and an expert at survival due to learning the lessons of "frontier" regions, be they in the Outer Rim or in the dankest levels of Coruscant.  
Some fringers might be from primitive, low-tech societies, but most have a basic understanding of high-tech equipment - they just come from a world or a part of society where such equiment is in extremely short supply.  
**Exploits:** Most fringers who become heroes do so because of circumstances. They are farmer whose families were killed by stormtroopers, colonist whose planets we overrun by marauder, aliens from a backwater worlds , streetwise toughs from the lawless levels of Coruscant, or spacers working the hyperspace lanes far from the galactic centers of power. Fringers usually have a dream they wish to fulfill or an idealistic view of the galaxy. Many hope to find their fame and fortune closer to where the action is, viewing their homeworld as insignificant and well off the deaten path.  
**Characteristics:** The fringer is a jack-of-all-trades, learning a little bit of everything to increase his or her chances of surviving. Often, a fringer can keep even the oldest, most beat-up piece of equipment running. Where a scout or soldier has extensive training in repair skills, a fringer is better at keeping equipment jury-rigged than fixing it completely. This means the fringer is faster at making slapdash repairs, even in extreme situations, but less likely to fully repair an item. The finger is at home in the hinterlands of space, able to get by without the conveniences of civilization. Of all the classes, fringers are best able todeal with whatever troubles the galaxy throws their way. They have excellent survival instincts and an enthusiasm that get them through difficult circumstances.  
**Background:** Fringers come to their profession by seeking a better life, searching for excitement, excaping the situation on their planet of origin, or avenging an imagined wrong done by the Republic, Empire, Imperial Remnant, New Republic, or some other power groupd (depending on the era of play). Some see wealth and power, others adventure. Others still are motivated by revenge. They may be lured from their home world by the promise of riches. They may be escaping from slavery or servitude. They could be recruited to a cause they believe is worth following, or driven from their home by invaders. They usually think of themselves not as fringers but as whatever career they aspire to, such as spacer, mechanic, pilot, or colonist.  
**Abilities:** Dexterity, Wisdom, and Strength are the most important ability scores for the fringer class.