**Name:** Jedi Consular  
**Description:** The Jedi consular uses the Force for knowledge and negotiation, seeking the most peaceful solutions to every problem. As Force-users trained in the Jedi tradition, characters of this class concentrate more on diplomacy, scholarly pursuits, and the spiritual side of the Force than on more physical activities. Healers and researchers seek to better understand the nature of the Force and their connection to it. Mentors and teachers hope to instruct others and pass on what they have learned. Negotiators and mediators are skilled at bargaining and striking compromises. Consulars train themselves to be versatile, able to handle many situations without reaching for a weapon.  
**Exploits:** Some Jedi consulars explore the galaxy to further their own knowledge and mastery of the Force. Others continually seek to learn or discover more of the Force's secrets. Still others see their role as mediators and councilors, using their position and skills to help those in need. Most Jedi consulars follow the light side, but some become darksiders and use the Force for evil or selfish intent. Those imbued with the light side refrain from using the Force for every task, preferring to find other solutions and save the Force for when it is truly needed. Those who succumb to the dark side use every advantage at their disposal, wielding the Force against challenges as a noble would spend a small fortune to be rid of a minor inconvenience.  
**Characteristics:** The Jedi consular often starts out by mastering the ability to feel the living Force in the world around him, as typified by the Sense feat. Wisdom and Charisma are the most important abilities for the Jedi consular, followed closely by Intelligence.  
**Background:** A Jedi consular typically starts out as a Padawan learner attached to a higher-ranking Jedi Master. (Prior to 1st level, the character trained as a student with the Jedi council, He begins his heroic career at 1st level when he is selected as a Padawan learner.) The Jedi consular has a genuine love of scholarly pursuits and diplomatic endeavors. Some consulars want to teach, others want to learn. A Jedi consular has a deep connection to his mentor and the Jedi Order but often operates with only tangential contact with either master or order.  
**Abilities:** A Jedi consular should be gifted in all abilities, but Wisdom, Charisma, and Intelligence are the most important. Those who expect to fall back on their combat prowess should also have high Strength and Constitution scores.