**Name:** Noble  
**Description:** Members of the noble class use their intelligence and natural charisma to make their way in the galaxy. From true royalty to elected official, military commanders to crime lords, traders, merchants, ambassadors, holovid stars, and influential corporate magnates, character types who appear in the noble class are varied and numerous. Some bring honor to the name. Other are sly, treacherous, and dishonorable to the core. With a winning smile, a golden tongue, a powerful message, or knack for making compromises, the noble commands respect, makes friends, and inevitably influences people.  
**Exploits:** Most nobles wind up in dangerous situations because of something they believe in or because their job calls for it. Others hope to use their negotiating talents to navigate a course through the troubles around them, or seek to find profit in the troubles of others. Whatever their initial motivations, nobles usually wind up taking to a cause and a goal that sustains them through the roughest missions. An adventuring noble might be a senator's aide, a free trader, a diplomat, a true prince or princess, or an outlaw's lieutenant. Nobles often feel responsible for others, though some consider themselves to be better than those around them.  
**Characteristics:** The noble fosters feelings of good will and honesty, or at least the illusion of such, to succeed. Where other classes shoot first, the noble starts out asking questions and hopes to finish by negotiating a deal. The noble believes they can be more effective with words and deeds than with violence, though some draw a blaster when push comes to shove. The noble is more comfortable in civilized regions of space, where law and order have some meaning. Of all the classes, nobles have the best diplomatic and bargaining skills. They're good talkers, negotiators, and bluffers. They have a knack for inspiring others, they make good leaders.  
**Background:** Nobles come to their profession in a variety of ways. Altruistic nobles believe it is their duty and responsibility to serve and lead. More selfish nobles seek the fame, wealth, and power often associated with the positions they aspire to. Power-hungery nobles take advantage of the system and wind up helping others only to help themselves. The halls of power are calling. How the noble answers can make all the difference.  
**Abilities:** Charisma is undoubtedly a noble's most important ability score, as the noble's skill at interacting with others and projecting a sense of confidence are crucial for his or her success. Wisdom and Intelligence form the basis of other important skills, so these ability scores are also significant.