**Name:** Scoundrel  
**Description:** Scoundrels are rouges - good, bad, and neutral - who either live outside the law or fight against it to get the upper hand. They can come from any world or region of the galaxy. Most use their intelligence and dexterity to accomplish tasks, and many rely on charisma to fallback on when all else fails. The scoundrel gets by with bravado, cunning, duplicity, and trickery. They live by their wits, lying, cheating, stealing, and even fighting when the need arrives.  
**Exploits:** Many scoundrels live a life of adventure for the excitement if provides. Others go adventuring to advance the illicit careers. Some are good-hearted rouges in it for the thrill or to right a wrong done to them or those they love. Others are despicable knaves who serve only one master - the greed that swells inside them. More often, an adventurous scoundrel falls somewhere in between, changing allegiance and attitudes as the political climate changes, until something larger than himself sets him on a particular course through the galaxy. Adventurous scoundrels call themselves smugglers, pirates, outlaws, gamblers, slicer, con artists, thieves, rouges, and spies.  
**Characteristics:** Scoundrels have a knack for getting into and out of trouble. They have an instinct for self-preservation that keeps them alive, but it's usually tempered with a need to experience the thrills that their profession has to offer, and many adventurous scoundrels are also saddled with a sense of honor that sometimes makes them go against their natural inclinations.  
**Background:** Scoundrels don't often start out by seeking to defy authority and break the law. Some are thrust into the profession as a means of rebellion. Others wind up on the wrong side of the law due to bad luck, poor decisions, or circumstance beyond their control. The skills they pick up along the way make them great members of any mission team.  
**Abilities:** Dexterity and Intelligence are a scoundrels most important ability scores, because he must have quick reflexes and a sharp wit to survive. Charisma is important for talking one's way out of trouble, and Wisdom is useful for spotting trouble before it finds the scoundrel.