**Name:** Scout  
**Description:** Scouts are natural explorers and adventurers, full of curiosity and trained to handle out-of-the-way locations where they often operate. Scouts tend to be independent, signing on when the credits are good and their skills are best utilized and tested. Scouts understand the lay of the land and orbit of the stars. They know how to recognize danger and locate the basic necessities for survival. Unlike the fringer, who is born to the frontier and often wants to escape from it, the scouts consciously embraces the wild regions and understands he or she possesses instead of coming to them by innate ability and happenstance. The scout seeks knowledge, tries to solve mysteries, and wants to be the first to see something new and different. The scout learns to find a path through the wild regions, often becoming a decent pilot along the way, and usually learns how to protect himself from whatever hides over the next hill or beyond the most distant nebula.  
**Exploits:** Many scouts become adventurers to see what's in the next star system. They pick up skills that make them excellent members of any team. They are usually the best trackers, trailblazers, and survivalists the galaxy has to offer. Some scouts are scientists and researchers who learn the skills of the profession so they don't have to rely on others. Some sell their services to the highest bidder. More often, the adventurous scout has a good heart, a sense of honor, and a burning desire to embrace the wild regions of the galaxy and learn to conquer them - either figuratively or literally. Adventurous scouts call themselves ranger, outriders, hunters, explorers, guides, adventurous scholars, and vanguards.  
**Characteristics:** Scouts temper insatiable curiosity with excellent survival instincts. They make use of dexterity and intelligence, as well as wisdom, to spot and avoid dangers. The scout has an undying faith in himself and his abilities that sometimes allows the scout to call upon reserves and an inner strength to get out of tough situations. Scouts like to be the first to reach any location, although they want to reach it in one piece. They can be gruff or silent, jovial or talkative. They are confident and brave, and they often appreciate the wonders that the galaxy has to offer.  
**Background:** Scouts come to their profession in search of something, usually knowledge or secrets or the answers to the mysteries of the ages. Scholars, while possibly associated with an institute of learning or a particular government, often forsake the halls of academe for the prune research of working in the field. Pathfinders and explorers may work for a government or military institution, or they may take on freelance contracts from anyone willing to pay for their services. Many scouts develop into bounty hunters, especially those who combine military skills with their tracking and searching abilities. Every group of adventurers benefits from having a scout in the party.  
**Abilities:** Most of the scout's key skill rely on Dexterity, Intelligence, and Wisdom. Strength is also useful for the scout who uses athletic skills.