**Name:** Soldier  
**Description:** Soldiers combine discipline with martial skills to become the best pure warriors in the galaxy. Soldiers can be stalwart defenders of those in need, cruel marauders, or brave adventurers. They can be hired guns, noble champions, or cold-hearted killers. They fight for glory, for honor, to right wrongs, to gain power, to acquire wealth, or simply for the thrill of battle.  
**Exploits:** Many soldiers see adventures, raids on enemy strongholds, and dangerous missions as their jobs. Some want to defend those who can't defend themselves; others seek to use their muscle to carve their own place or importance in the galaxy. Whatever their initial motivation, most soldiers wind up living for the thrill of combat and the excitement of adventure. Adventuring soldiers call themselves guards, bodyguards, champions, enforcers, mercenaries, warriors, soldiers of fortune, or simply adventurers.  
**Characteristics:** Soldiers have the best all-around fighting abilities, and an individual soldier develops styles and techniques that set him apart from his peers. A given soldier might be especially capable with certain weapons, another trained to execute specific combat maneuvers. As soldiers gain experience, they get more opportunities to develop their skills.  
**Background:** Most soldiers come to the profession after receiving at least some amount of formal training from a military organization, local militia, or private army. Some attend formal academies; others are self-taught and well tested. A soldier may have taken up his weapon to escape a mundane life. Another may be following a proud family tradition. Soldiers in a particular unit share a certain camaraderie, but most have nothing in common except battle prowess and the desire to apply it to a given situation.  
**Abilities:** Since mos combat in the Star Wars universe uses blasters and other ranged weapons, Dexterity is the soldier's most important ability score, followed closely by Constitution and Strength. Don't underestimate the importance of Intelligence and Wisdom, however, since many of a soldier's useful skill are based on these abilities.