**Name:** Tech Specialist  
**Description:** Tech Specialist combine expert training with natural genius to reach the top of their chosen field. Tech specialist can be dedicated physicians, curious scientists, brilliant technicians, or computer geniuses. They seek to help people or gain knowledge, to create technical gadgets or develop new scientific theories. Every adventuring team benefits from the talents of a tech specialist.  
**Exploits:** Some tech specialist become adventurers for the credit and the glory. Others see the field as the best place to test their skills and add to their body of knowledge and training. Some believe it is their duty to provide the kind of help that is available nowhere else. A tech specialist might be a doctor or xenobiologist, a starship mechanic or a weaponsmith, a computer programmer or droid engineer.  
**Characteristics:** Tech specialists have the best all-around technical abilities, and an individual specialist develops skills and techniques that set him apart from his peers. A given tech specialist might be especially capable in a certain field of study, another trained to use a specific set of tools. As tech specialist gain experience, they get more opportunities to develop their technical proficiencies.  
**Background:** Most tech specialist start out in decidedly unheroic careers. They train to reach the top of their chose field, eventually offering their services to an adventuring party. Unlike most of the other heroic classes, the average tech specialist can't wait to get back to his workshop or laboratory. He does what is necessary while it is necessary, but the call of research and development make the tech specialist long to return to his primary profession.  
**Abilities:** Intelligence, by far, is the most important ability for a tech specialist. Wisdom and Dexterity serve the tech specialist well, providing the ability to better perceive the world around him and to interact with it at an advanced level.