**Name:** Bothan  
**Description:** The planet Bothawui, in the Mid Rim of the galaxy, gave rise to the Bothan species. These shoprt, fur-covered humaniods have had hyperspace travel for thousands of years and were among the first civilizations to join the galactic society. Bothans deal in information. They use information as a measure of wealth and power, even wielding it as a weapon when necessary. The Bothan Spynet serves as one of the largest intelligence agencies throughout most eras, and it plays and important and poignant role in the Rebellion era. Culturally, Bothans don't believe in direct conflict. They prefer to manipulate situations from behind the scenes, to watch and wait for information and opportunity, and to use these tools to gain status and influence.  
**Personality:** Bothans are manipulative, crafty, suspicious and curious by anture, and a little paranoid. They can be irritating, but they are also loyal and brave.  
**Appearance:** Bothans are covered with fur that ripples in response to their emotional state. They have tappered ears, and both male and female Bothans sport beards. They average about 1.6 meters tall and have a maturity rate and life span slightly greater than Humans.  
**Homeworld:** The industrial world of Bothawui, with various colony worlds throughout the Mid Rim Territories, including Kothlis and Torolis.  
**Language:** Bothans speak and read Bothese and Basic.  
**Adventurers:** Bothan adventurers, such as operatives in the Spynet, engage in daring deeds - even when such deeds put them at great personal risk. In addition to the intelligence operatives, Bothan heroes serve as soldiers and pilots, diplomats and ambassadors. Their curiosity leads some to be explorer and scouts. Even when a Bothan makes it hard not to look for the profit and prestige in the situation.  
**Size:** Medium: As Medium-size creatures, Humans have no special bonuses or penalties due to their size.