**Name:** Duros  
**Description:** The Duros originate in the Duro star system, located at the extreme edge of the Core region of space. With an almost innate affinity for space travel, the Duros were among the first to leave their world and spread to the stars. Whatever the reason for their wanderlust, the Duros tend to gravitate toward the space lanes for income and adventure. Their home system is governed by vast starship engineering corporations, and most Duros learn to pilot a ship or rebuild a hyperdrive shortly after they begin to walk and talk.  
**Personality:** A Duros tends to be intense and adventureous, always seeking to learn what's at the end of the next hyperspce jump. They are a proud, self-sufficient, fun-loving people who also have a tendency toward gregariousness.  
**Appearance:** Duros average about 1.8 meters tall. They are hairless, with large eyes and wide, lipless mouths. Skin color ranges from blue-gray to deep azure.  
**Homeworld:** The orbiting cities of the Duro system.  
**Language:** Duros speak and are literate in Durese and Basic.  
**Adventurers:** Duros adventurers include hyperspace explorers, star charter and spaceer of all descriptions. They also tend to gravitate toward the sciences, including engineering and astrogation. Some Duros shun exploration in favor of smuggling and trading, and a small number go into diplomatic professions.  
**Size:** Medium: As Medium-size creatures, Humans have no special bonuses or penalties due to their size.