**Name:** Ewok  
**Description:** Ewoks hail from the forest moon of Endor, where they maintain a primitive hunter/gather society. Prior to the Battle of Endor (four year after Episode IV), Ewoks were almost entirely unknown to the galaxy at large. Som traders and explorer visited Endor's moon, but with no form of space travel, Ewoks never left their homeworld. Although primitive by galactic standards, the tribal Ewoks are resourceful and highly adaptable. The tribal Ewoks may be technologically primitive when compared to most of the galactic society, but they are also clever and inventive. While they tend to initially be wary around machinery, it isn't long before their natural curiosity wins out and they plunge into wild and exuberant experimentation.  
**Personality:** Ewoks tend to be curious, superstitious, and courageous, though they can be fearful around things that are strange and new.  
**Appearance:** Ewoks average about 1 meter tall. Their thick fur varies widely in color and pattern. They often wear hoods, decorative feather, and animal bones.  
**Homeworld:** The forest moon of Endor.  
**Language:** Ewoks speak Ewokese. They have no written form of their language. They can learn to speak Basic.  
**Adventurers:** An Ewok adventurer may be motivated by a love of excitement, a natural inquisitiveness, or a warrior's quest. Usually, an Ewok hero joins up with a scout or hero who has access to a starship. Collecting powerful "magic" items from fallen opponents, such as a stormtrooper's helmet or a range finder from a blaster rifle, is a sure way for an Ewok to earn the respect of his tribe.  
**Size:** Small: As Small creatures, Ewoks gain a +1 size bonus to the Defense, a +1 size bonus on Attack Rolls, and a +4 size bonus on Hide Checks, but they must use smaller weapons than Humans use, and their lifting and carrying limits are three-quarter of those of Medium-sized characters.