**Name:** Gamorrean  
**Description:** Brutish and violent, the porcine Gamorreans come from the Outer Rin world of Gamorr. Green-skinned with piglike snouts, tusks, and small horns, Gamorreans are respected for their great strength and short tempers. The history of Gamorr is marked by an almost constant state of warfare. Males train for and fight wars, while the females farm, hunt, and handle trade. Since their homeworld was discovered, a number of Gamorreans have found their way into the galactic society. The technologically poor homeworld has a savage, primitive culture that resembles the pre-industrial periods that human civilizations experienced more than 25,000 years ago. Even so, the physically imposing Gamorreans make good laborer, bodyguards, and mercenaries. While they prefer primitive melee weapons, they have no problem learning to use powered weapons and even blasters.  
**Personality:** Gamorreans are brutish, violent and proud. They respect physical prowess and have no problem facing death against a foe they feel they are on at least equal footing with. They do display fear in the face of obviously superior opponents, however, considering such a display to be prudent and even rational.  
**Appearance:** Gamorreans average about 1.8 meters tall, with thick green skin covering powerful muscles. Close-set eyes, a thick snout, tusks, and small horns lend a distinct look to every Gamorrean. 
**Homeworld:** The pre-industrial agricultural world of Gamorr.  
**Language:** Gamorreans speak Gamorrean. They have no written version of the language. They can learn to understand other languages, but Gamorreans lack the mechanism to speak any tongue but their own.  
**Adventurers:** Gamorreans leave their homeworld for a variety of reasons. Some are taken as slaves and later escape or buy out their contracts. Others sell their contracts on the open market, finding employment as bodyguards, mercenaries, and professional soldiers. A Gamorrean is constantly at war, no matter where he or she resides in the galaxy; it's often only a matter of figuring out who the enemy is. Gamorrean heroes tend to selec the fringer or soldier classes. To date, there are no known examples of Gamorrean Force-users.  
**Size:** Medium: As Medium-size creatures, Humans have no special bonuses or penalties due to their size.