**Name:** Kel Dor  
**Description:** The Kel Dor originate on the planet Dorin, where they developed in an atmosphere of helium and a gas unique to their world. Consequently, more common atmospheres, including those that consist of oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide, are deadly to the Kel Dor. Those Kel Dor that operate beyond the confines of their homeworld must wear breath masks and protective goggles.  
The Kel Dor have a long and proud Force tradition, though they have adapted it to the Jedi tradition since joining the Republic over six thousand years ago. Kind-hearted, the Kel Dor nevertheless believe in swift justice.  
**Personality:** Even-tempered and kind-hearted, the Kel Dor never turn away a being in need. At the same time, the average Kel Dor believes in quick, simple justice and isn't averse to taking the law into his or her own hands.  
**Appearance:** The average Kel Dor stands between 1.4 and 2 meters tall. Their skin ranges in color from peach to deep red. Most have black eyes, though a few are born with silver irises that some believe mark them as strong in the Force.  
**Homeworld:** The technological planet of Dorin.  
**Language:** The Kel Dor speak Kel Dor and Basic.  
**Adventurers:** Kel Dor who decide to brave the dangers of living outside their homeworld tend to be nobles such as diplomats and traders, bounty hunters, and Jedi. Their willingness to help others often mixes with their innate sense of justice, leading many into some form of law enforcement.  
**Size:** Medium: As Medium-size creatures, Humans have no special bonuses or penalties due to their size.